this just Internet's first episode is
out so definitely go check it out we'll
be here with all the means your bullets
spawned above your head yeah as you move
down the ladder Baltimore fell from the
sky I got caught from the Joneses yeah
you did it's a fancy card thanks for the
joys in fat no probably enjoy some paper
with words going into a gap you know
what that card wasn't from me oh you
know the Jones yeah I'm the original
Jones all you other channels or jesper I
don't like how exposed I am how are you
supposed oh well I felt exposed so we're
playing in a little girl's room
yes all right that's enough of that I
mean you're saying facts jack all right
what are you doing I knew that was
coming
I trust you you bad no I'm not all right
I'm sooo bad hey hey this is like Toy
Story yeah it's like there's not very
there's only like one sniper in it yeah
it's man Jeremy hey what's up Jack has
been singing cats for three days did you
can't have it back be quiet I'm just
taste kill god you can't pick up Jack
somebody whoa mercy I spawn way the [__]
down here oh he spawned on his leg
someone shooting Oh
[Music]
entirely too fun mouth shut yo I was
seconds away from doing the shove with
random L for everyone thank you ha I
needed that
just tossing it to the end yells oh we
don't know if the gold indeed works
where is it look bad what's happen with
are we playing yes oh you screamed eh Oh
someone just fell to their death golden
deal
you're not the detective I have a right
I'm the detective Jack found the sniper
rifle I'm being you on it I'm terrible
actually go for it
Thanks all right who have seen yet I
have all the evidence in Lindsay
Lindsay's dead
I saw boy hello myself repeat Allie so
that makes sense
oh gosh should see what Lindsay wise
where'd she fall yeah what the corner
look at all that blood that must be her
her in the corner where Ryan do you have
binoculars let me go somewhere safe to
buy him losing his reflection this isn't
binoculars Jack is his leg get the leg
out of here apparently we got rid of the
binoculars I'm on the floor here it is
I'm stuck in the wall nice all right ah
damn it
hey come tease me I'm stuck in the wall
tase me coming back is Azam yes good no
I'm fine who's left for [__] sake
there's like a mess right who is not a
zombie oh yeah
Gavin's a jester I thought it was just
shooting me
oh wait cuz you're scaring me some sort
of imposter boys Jeremy a glitch Jeremy
says this is obvious oh I don't know why
shooting me Oh Michael your zombies okay
there's a glitch so it probably is
Jeremy I think it's Jeremy did Freddy
just die bad
ah [__] hey someone cab did Ryan
you killed Michael yeah god damn it
Gavin you have to kill Jeremy now you're
inside my team sucks
Tim are you alive Michael nan de what
you talking I just had to say it god
damn it
where are you Jay I'm on the flower the
very bottom on the floor I don't see you
on the floor hey cap
all right jack I hear you do it again
it's not you there oh I can hear cap
shut up am I stuck you see me how did
you get can you not see me
yeah great move the person who can't do
damage move what am i stuck in is this
hurting oh yeah I'm good I got 72 damage
down anything new Jami do me a favor
open up your your console and hit type
kill alright I got afraid of like
immediately you pointed out that ladder
I jumped for it
I killed him Jeremy turn dumb well he
was the glitch so I was like Oh
Jeremy was bad for me oh no you can't
come back before I mean you will what
happened
you will I just couldn't believe so I
really come back and I'm the graceful
leap I was like a lemur whoa I'm
floating upwards yo in fairness I didn't
lie to you yeah no you didn't you didn't
used that I messed that up because I
it's holding Gavin was the gesture and I
[Music]
where I do in a whole you know whole are
you dead [__] was a killer [__] we
playing this game where is alfredo
ladders are confusing no look these are
I give them a little credit there's some
interesting jumps in this level yeah
okay I may actually be in a situation
right in gomen please oh it's Alfredo's
the vampire I don't know probably eaten
Lindsay where do I go for me I don't
know where Lindsay was Jack just jump to
the ladder or go back in the wall the
wall just pushes me up to here is that
the ladder right
there's ladders of the sonic Gavin died
on well no just oh my god he's right
here jack yeah good okay I got him
[Laughter]
[Applause]
cuz it was just you me I killed Alfredo
Alfredo is bad so Ryan went well I just
watched jack
ladder none you'll notice that Gavin
died in the exact same spot I did in the
exact same way the ladder isn't hard to
get to all right it's very difficult no
the ladder jumped no problem I was
trying to jump on to the ISIS levels not
great alright Michael watch this here we
go I thought pieces of him on the shot
me I blew his head off and I don't know
if he was the detective I'm scared
he was innocent oh that's the perfect
cover
it's like my environment seconds
could you kill Lindsay what I do
anything I feel like you did I wasn't
even anywhere near her ha I swear I
didn't do anything drop down no I did in
the game says you're bad anything to do
with it says you die I swear I had
nothing to do it okay you anyway cuz
we're running out of people to shoot
who's the detect I am kill Ryan start to
tie mean I can see why you would Jeremy
you know I'm good where is everybody
you're good yeah you know it I don't
know that can you jump on the bed I feel
like it should be soft but I bet it's
now what it is is not soft
I do you know that I experienced it's
not office okay I'd somehow managed to
get through this game without any guns
really I say it's probably Ryan I do oh
my god I've been shot in the back well
yeah yeah you get up hole nah it's just
Jeremy yeah
not awesome guys that was the worst
innocent team that is ever the history
of TTT by far Jeremy
by far you've been you've been really
doing a great job there as the assassin
wait is he dead yep oh well and let's
see where your radar says you are for a
second now whoo all right now Jeremy
where you at
oh just hanging around really out of
luck here come on you guys I gave you a
bullet high five and he murdered me Ryan
and Fredo bit me I was killing Ryan and
Fredo just assassinated right right the
side of the head yeah it came out of
nowhere I had to protect Ryan you did
great job yeah what'd you do to Lindsay
I just put a barnacle up yeah which I
was legitimately confused because I
would have sumed she would have said
something well the part that happened to
me before and I wouldn't
she was my target I was like with a
Branka she was dead Oh God Gavin Gavin
wait okay sorry Gavin is just wailing to
me with a crowbar it scared the [__] out
of me there's so much blood over there
Jeremy I don't want to trust you wait
what what happened between you two
Jackson I'm gonna give me with the
crowbar and I was frightened I used to
be so close Ryan
god damn it you people are awful you're
awful poor people for what the hell is
wrong with you everyone see you it's not
even to you follow it happen again
[__] Almighty Oh are you alive oh you're
a zombie now Oh Morty go take a nap on
his Hello Kitty pillow Lindsey you see
me where are you my corpse fell down
here and then I realized it
she was thinking my body flew into a
place you can't get and then i respawned
that's important that ladder if you
don't approach it right you and I got
piece that together I defended our honor
Jamie Jericho since you never worry to
spawn properly I count you shame that
you were innocent and that's what
happened it was the zombie round it was
that was a merc oh really
yeah and I was gonna be like Michael
what do you want me to buy hey Jeremy
where are you in a drawer in a drawer
which drawer hit the Fred Michael I have
a present for you oh oh there you are
Jeremy come down oh come down detective
I am detective I'm on the Bible cam I'm
sick of work oh you're back hey what's
up Jeremy Oh yet don't bother me I'm in
my dollhouse Gavin's got a dead body
who's man oh my god it's okay it's
acceptable to carry that man around well
yeah clearly I mean they're gonna win
too cuz I'm take off yeah hey nothing I
can do from over here no I liked my
drawer
Jeremy yeah Ryan is afraid of me days
jack so I just went alright and I
blasted it was brought back okay I was I
thought I was safe with Lindsay and I
just got off too quietly Thank You
Jeremy the detective I gave him a stun
gun I was like you know mistake
here's a present you killed me referring
to Michael sent me young oh [__] look
what I got everyone get up hi I got jack
[__] Oh Jack you idiot yeah businessman
come here Gavin Jack killed himself no
frado's on Dean burn it down Oh God Oh
where's the US it's a shop I got my tits
ah what's happening here be damned
survive noises detective yes oh crap
wait how do Fredo get back down oh I
don't know
how do you get out of that bar nobody
set him loose how I trained it was I
mean if he was in a particle he can't
get himself out I trained it yeah
someone saved him
oh I trained it shut the hell up oh I
got freedom stream why are you shooting
me killin I killed her Oh Brian sensor
Lindsey she was just popping off yeah
okay I know my end of my backside you
kratos a killer no yeah he's bad no not
a sniping at me Jeremy I not me
Jeremy's not me Jeremy okay you're here
Jeremy come here we're we're we're clear
right we're gonna kill me no I'm not a
silencer yeah no coughs definitely bad
Oh
Fredo killed Blaine all my body could go
off yeah it caught Fredo what happened
with it I don't know I wasn't releasing
you can shoot your way out
oh no when your sometimes it's it's
weird
occasionally yeah excuse me all right uh
and I filled my inventory up with your
III jump with the randomizer so I I was
trying to get a health thing out now to
keep throwing stuff on the floor oh and
Gavin found me yeah I did oh I want to
shoot Jack so bad Oh oh my god it'd be
so funny back up Jeremy thank you for
not shooting me it was Rick I saw him
kill Gavin what yep I mean that's
understandable though a guy was a
detective oh man what me no
I'm here and shooting what are you doing
oh my god Kratos dead where are you uh
under the bed what are you doing oh
please look I actually don't have a
weapon hey I have a crowbar Oh Ryan
everything happened so fast when I'm not
near people somebody fall Alfredo's dead
- I just found it well no we've already
said Alfredo is there a number of times
do you guys know friends dead wait so
Lindsey your good kind of my own age
even if you figure out what she is that
doesn't matter
absolutely I mean what's Jack I'm right
here yeah what are you that just answer
the question I'm nothing I'm innocent
I'm nothing I'm nothing oh [__]
Wow okay they fall I hurt myself a
little bit bad Jesus Christ Lindsey wait
come back
Lindsey - shot me and did no damage wait
so then Jack would be right here yeah
but are you in Michael no Michael but
I'm not okay so Michael we had staredown
well not my scroll wheel got stuck so I
was looking at the menu and then when I
look back up I was dead gotcha
Michael we were I had I had snagged the
golden deagle I know waiting for an
eye.the clicks must have been so close
that I was waiting for that was crazy I
looked I saw Lindsey I looked back up
for like a second and it was Michael he
took my head off and I assumed Lindsey
with chest
Kevin Kevin high five dude Jack people
dying already
work jack my diet was Michael yeah gun
whoo or speed oh it's all be around
would be on student no you try say hey
that you are jacks dead busy well he was
fought some way
Michael is following me and I don't like
it now he was with he was a puffing off
of me
he did his bullet high-five swear to god
swear to god I'm afraid oh I'm trying a
vantage point he shot me should I be
worried about that
yeah not this round Oh Michael is he
looking at each other I'm going to kill
me you shot me in the foot
[Music]
whoa oh there's the leg oh I'm in a
bat-trap I'm in a bear trap I'm done for
where remember me I mean I'm in the wall
I see the bear trap
well I saw the bear trap Jeremy I didn't
do it I literally just came I know it
looks like I'm fine you can trust me
this round deal okay Wow okay I'll stand
guard I'd put down health if I could oh
wait or is it just you mean no uh no
there's definitely somebody else someone
else I'm innocent loss is lying here
alright now here's the Jeremy okay
here's the deal
yeah ah you both are better shots in me
and Gavin Gavin alright
I don't know Fredo just shot him okay
there's one of them Fredo
yeah I got radar up so there's one of
them over to the right by the bookcase
next to Nemo and then one of them's in
the tower yeah boy you're know why no he
doesn't down the corner down ran Oh
I missed him the pipe come back there he
goes yeah he's dead
where's the other one well that means
that Michael or you is the killer oh
it's not me cuz I'm putting down killer
what you're right because you're no no
cuz you could still be the killer
Michael did I catch Michael with my bad
trap and Jeremy killed him and brought
him back well no I
we got lucky cuz that was only good I
had it all it was a high five I was
lighting up Fredo and he just bit right
in the head that was it I double blast
him as soon as I knew that Fredo was the
one left I was like well I'm detective
Jeremy well I'm just bog-standard not
the head true which means that the
entire innocent team will be dead within
don't believe you temporary okay Wow
really I want to be dead Oh Michael the
other Goldie no let's see what you're
doing Lindsey I think Lindsay's gonna
trying to avoid the vent at all cause
I'm a ladder who's a what am i doing
Michael's gonna take it I'm not gonna do
that
well I can't even if I was bad I can't
shoot yeah see might shoot away from me
detective keep an eye on bloody Lindsay
yeah I heard a shot I'm not bloody
because I'm a good person
watch this Wow uh who sets up a fire Wow
Wow
Gavin's hands are up what does that guy
get his hands on my gun fell down it go
get it stupid she's got it Wow Jeremy
come over here what happened Jack he's
dead yeah Jeremy Jeremy kill Jack no
you're an idiot
was it Alfred all right Jeremy come out
no it wasn't me I haven't seen a person
I came to see where that was a detective
or we know from
Michael why you'd be out here either
because I'm trying to give you a goddamn
gun and it's please detect I'm gonna
detect murder wow I think it's Lindsay's
about to get killed get the hell away
it's not it's Fredo and Ryan oh okay did
you get that kill Jack can you bus to
get the body real quick I give you my
life Jeremy yeah I know
and here's the only reason I think it's
Ryan is because when you deputize me
wrong way what come on let's see the
reason is cuz I'm bog-standard innocent
and so I don't trust you it was a glitch
it he sucks to be out I did the whole
thing and then I saw him throw down a
health kick I've done anything I see a
person the entire game itself I didn't
do anything
me neither Jeremy and I did nothing we
did nothing other than like Michael's
suspicious of even gave you the deagle
even though I didn't trust you
I'm detective again I got another chance
Mike Oh Jeremy do not family don't try
go get dessert
dork no absolutely not no I want to know
don't give that man know what a Taser
killed you when you were taste goggle I
promise I will tase you yes Jeremy what
are you innocent again
yes bog-standard again that's which
again I was gonna say which means the
entire team will be dead that's no it's
a matter of time now I'm having a tea
party with this gentleman all right
Jack's bed Fredo dude why you this no
hat yeah but a good innocent oh oh let's
go to sleep sleepy Fredo was afraid of
the Golden Gun
oh is that your head you're in I just
ran away me too let me tuck you in sir
did someone just shoot now that was the
Ewings Oh what set it off just enough Oh
God Wow writing guide hey I found out
something else you can do you could turn
the fan on
alright here's the thing Lindsay don't
be afraid I ran past one shot of it yeah
its Fredo okay
I dig him he took two shots Oh what is
he
I don't know Gavin so whatever you have
it as he jest is he just
okay ooh I didn't shoot it very hurry
right back every backup do use some
he'll wait sir who's bad well - you know
it's not a medicine terrorist Michael I
swear to god I'm innocent
I killed Gavin and with your terrorist
freedom a liar it's not me
I found Lindsay's body it's the wrong
time so that's why I suspect Michael I
was having a tea party in the house I
showed miss Lindsay so much she said
absolutely nothing had died quietly I'll
be honest like it was just disbelief
what was happening front didn't trust
Fredo because he'd said nothing and I
saw him running over her core yeah I was
too preoccupied with trying to figure
out how many Fredo what are you why
would you do that I am the law we got
going on here oh yeah all right not do
not need that in my life
no you didn't want to give it to me no
[__] no Jack yeah
good by me Fredo is dead
[Laughter]
need to check the body I trust you
oh my god freedom I found that now
afraid I was holding it so I may die I'm
falling here it was so funny I didn't
escape me this mycosis you know I mean
why would you why would he shoot you
shoot Jack check him out blackjack yeah
do it
test me if he's the Jester though we
lose 300 someone said but you didn't you
just save you shoot the Jester with the
D key the Jester dyes yester dies and
they win oh I misunderstood that yeah
because he won that round where I shot
him hit me
he's shaking his head no so Lindsey's
good yeah my just died what was that
that was a screen cuz he's crumpled in
his chair I'm stuck on the floor you
Jeremy no I got free got caught in his
own barring no no I'm the Phantom Jeremy
its Jeremy all this happening also just
aghhh I got stuck on the floor and so it
released me I hate you hey Ryan I got
this guy
[Applause]
you can walk in your own bed trap oh
yeah yeah bear crap or barnacle they're
both bad for you as soon as I handed
Jeremy that got him like tick tock xezat
Raiders yeah no it's a trader he was
really funny I ran away from Jeremy and
got caught in the cheese trap his diet
it was very funny and then I ran out of
bullets to fight Ryan
I just thought fight it and I just
looked at my house slowly draining as I
came to terms with it came to terms of
it okay man I will accept that trait
right to trade god that was funny
I can never make this jump that you just
did do you just sprint jump or you have
to crouch I thank you sprint jump Crouch
this is the only jump or I take fall
damage every time no I'm not golden gun
someone Gavin up do it oh you want it
let me earn my damn way Mike I hit a
button and somehow through all my
bullets on the ground awesome
I don't know how I do more what is
happening to Lindsey I picked her up you
absolute imbecile Oh Jeremy it's you I
can't kill Jeremy
the Taser the Golden Eagle are my
kryptonite
[Applause]
all right last round yeah all right last
round so I was the traitor and I was
like I don't know who my partner is
they're like I pulled the Taser off of
Gavin's dead core just killed Jack right
next to me just pick it up off of him
yeah yeah it falls out of their hand
when they die Michael what that really
hurt did you fall I hit a button I don't
know what button it was I through a
hundred objectives on the ground and
come back that's not good wait what
let's get daddy
oh my god
oh [__] I'm gonna I'm gonna die what are
you doing Jack healing healing how is
Jack healing Fredo drop the help thing
did so Lizzy try to get over Park Corey
and misters oh [__] he had Jeremy on it
sounded like he was getting him lievable
damn it this videos been shocking
enjoyed this one
[Applause]
I'll be back looking standard nothing
nothing at all
that's [__] okay Ryan where am I
yeah randomizing things oh [__] Oh
weapons cuz what does that mean you know
but I love every second could beer last
Oh
is it killing me it's like the gas I
think oh [__] that's I hey Lindsay see
this health that's healthy right Gavin
what are you I what [__] I missed get in
the mousetrap now you're a quick mouse
what's happening okay Gavin Gavin was
bad
I took his lightsaber I shot him he's
fell off the bookshelf how did he die Oh
like I killed him Lindsay push tonight
why you hurt
why am I hurt Jeremy who's killing you
someone's killing me was it Michael well
the game is killing you a little yeah
what are you doing Oh am i dying what
are you guys doing down there no I'm
dying
oh this is just random death every
moment could be your last I like that
that's yeah weird friend was just
running around with Gavin's body and I
don't know what detective detective
almost kill you and doesn't what I'm on
the cheese Oh detective so somebody's
Lindsay Lindsay and I are both good
someone just wants out
Alfredo I have no reason to not trust
Jack I just saw red light save that to
me I have the red lightsaber that Gavin
had Lindsay Lindsay killed Gavin oh okay
that's the plot of Star Wars yes the
star war
god that's it just I'd endure star wall
be the perfect cover though right if
Jack was bad that would be but it's not
the case you don't need to know I didn't
get away no you get away
I'm not Ryan are you lying near you oh
[__] someone killed Ryan I'm dying I
thought it was constant it's like
sporadic Oh Michael Alfredo Oh No I've
got the gas or something yeah I'm about
to die me alone all right Alfredo this
kill Michael cuz I think he's the bad
guy
you see the bad guy yeah he is and let's
do you kill hey my top off radio healing
oh god damn it
someone's healing up top yep I'm heading
up there right now
[Music]
was fine I hear fire I did to Michael oh
you bad bastard you bad bastard Britta's
evil he is you Tommy
where's he at Michael who's down below
he's down below blow where I got him I
got him
wait wait yeah you got him I got him and
I'm drinking his juice that he was using
in places his Lindsay bad no she killed
Gavin though Mike shooting me look into
my eyes Jill Fredo and I'm drink my -
that he put down so bad are you all
right Lindsay Lindsay where are you
where are you well right here okay
Lindsay strike down your husband what I
mean what nothing don't you pity on it
no I wanted to Gary to that I why
[Applause]
it's really clear and I was like I'm
being killed it's Michael nobody was
listening but you were like I'm dying
Michael and I was like you dig dress it
to him which was very strange Michael
all right everywhere everyone to the top
suicide pact
alright so suspect hey Jamie how many
times did you fall to your death
zero oh I also zero but you know what it
got made up for it cuz every other round
I had was terrible dang again somebody
jump first gaff jump
well no it's all together I just jump
trust me trust me jump Gavin hook by
Gavin are you trying to catch him always
bringing back twice watch guys let's go
for him no all right let's take
ourselves that was gross look you gotta
be more adventurous with your ladders
[Laughter]
[Music]
I can't be very bustling going everyone
the service down